Add migrations troubleshoot warning (#4629)
tarantool/doc: doc/platform/ddl_dml/migrations/troubleshoot_migrations_tt.rst

Incorrect migration applied
---------------------------

.. warning::

>     Any schema change that was made by incorrect migration before the fail or
>     cancellation must be resolved manually on each replicaset before reapply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Any schema change that was made by an incorrect migration before its fail or
    cancellation must be resolved manually on each replica set before reapply.
```

Author: Updated

>     Apply flags like ``--force-reapply`` affect only internal migration status and
>     unable to revert migration scenario itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``--force-reapply`` and other ``tt migrations`` options affect only internal status of the migration
    and don't revert changes that it has made in the cluster.
```

Author: Updated
